# Community Support Squad Discussion Topics

## Who are we?

The community support squad helps the community via [Github](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/) and the Discourse [community forums](https://community.grafana.com/) to offer support to our free and OSS users. Many of the easy questions in the community get answered first. Users of more advanced features come to us with questions that are more difficult to answer. 

## How can we help each other?

Community feedback shows us how we can improve the user experience through documentation, bug fixes, usability improvements, feature requests, and give insight into use cases.

We want to create a way for the community support squad to share the knowledge and benefit each other.

## How does this meeting work? 

The community support squad memebers works on different day to day tasks and it could be helpful to share the knowledge as what they had been working on. For e.g.

- A community post or GitHub issue which took time to resolve and understand it
- A community post or GitHub issue which needs to be discussed together
- Someone new you have learned (e.g. a tool, script, command etc.) and want to share the knowledge with the team.

**Meeting/Workshop format:**
- 30 to 60 minutes weekly (or bi-weekly)
- Complete the table below to provide the list of topics you want to bring for discussion
- Create a small presentation document to present your topic (notihng fancy)


## Recording of Session 
These meeting/workshop sessions will be recorded so that can be used by the squad for reference and view later if not able to join it.



## Discssion topics

<details open>
<summary>Topics for year 2023</summary>

<details open>
<summary>Febuary</summary>

| No.| Topic Title| Date | Owner  | Link to Recording | Is discussed | Topics for discussions |
|:---|  :---                     | :---   | :---:|     :---:    |     :---:         | :--- |
| 1 |Annotations (basics) |08-Feb-2023|Usman|<a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bH8mufZq15_8PJDS5GFSJKq5_SPJ1lZ7">Available :heavy_check_mark:</a>|:ballot_box_with_check: one sub topic remains | <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m1q54J6vfH-IHaAChlfTwU7R1p3Yhg-t1RcvMy-Twmc/edit?usp=share_link">Link to file</a>
| 2 |TBD |:x:               |x|x|x	| x|
| 3 |TBD|x|x|x|x| x|
| 4 |  
| 5 | 
| 6 |  
| 7 |  
| 8 |  
| 9 |
| 10|   
</details>
<details open>
<!---
<summary>March</summary>

| No.| Community post or GH issue| Solved | Owner  | Link | Is discussed | Additional Notes |
|:---|  :---                     | :---   | :---:|     :---:    |     :---:         | :--- |
| 1 |Community Post|:heavy_check_mark:|Usman|<a href="https://hello.ca">link text</a>|$\color{green}{Yes}$| Add notes if you need for e.g. n|
| 2 |GitHub iissue |:x:               |Usman|<a href="https://hello.ca">link text</a>|$${\color{red}No}$$	| This one is not easy need more time|
| 3 |Community Post|:heavy_check_mark:|Melori|<a href="https://hello.ca">link text</a>|$\color{orange}{Pending}$| Pending for discussion|
| 4 |  
| 5 | 
| 6 |  
| 7 |  
| 8 |  
| 9 |
| 10|   
</details>  

  -->
  

</details>

